docs/src/content/examples/Area.md, before:

---
description: Area
section: cartesian & polar
layers: ['svg', 'canvas']
related: []
---

<script lang="ts">
  import Example from '$lib/components/Example.svelte';
</script>

> See also: [AreaChart](/docs/components/AreaChart) for simplified examples

## Examples

### Basic

<Example name="basic" />

### With Tooltip and Highlight

<Example name="with-tooltip-and-highlight" />

### With Labels

<Example name="with-labels" />

### Explicit axis ticks (min/max)

<Example name="explicit-axis-ticks-min-max" />

### Gradient

<Example name="gradient" />

### Gradient (separate stroke)

<Example name="gradient-separate-stroke" />

### Multiple series

<Example name="multiple-series" />

### Multiple series (using overrides)

<Example name="multiple-series-using-overrides" />

### Multiple series (highlight on hover)

<Example name="multiple-series-highlight-on-hover" />

### Multiple series with labels

<Example name="multiple-series-with-labels" />

### Stack

<Example name="stack" />

### Stack with gradient

<Example name="stack-with-gradient" />

### Clip tween on mount

<Example name="clip-tween-on-mount" />

### Threshold with RectClipPath

<Example name="threshold-with-rectclippath" />

### Threshold with RectClipPath (over/under)

<Example name="threshold-with-rectclippath-over-under" />

### Highlight color based on value using color scale

<Example name="highlight-color-based-on-value-using-color-scale" />

### Highlight color based on value using tooltip slot prop

<Example name="highlight-color-based-on-value-using-tooltip-slot-prop" />

### Threshold with LinearGradient

<Example name="threshold-with-lineargradient" />

### Threshold with LinearGradient (over/under)

<Example name="threshold-with-lineargradient-over-under" />

### Clipped area on Tooltip

<Example name="clipped-area-on-tooltip" />

Commit message:

Updated TODO FIXES (#675)
* Updated TODO FIXES

updated from GH issue, and killed issue to keep this in sync here from now one. .

* MotionPath update

- update description in md.
- Cleanup
  - used broken out controls
  - grouped var declarations
- Previous "Repeat indefinitely" and "Rotate object with path" did not show difference when circle vs rect was used.
  - made same duration
  - used same "marker" ? not sure what to call it.
  - changed it to an airplane SVG for cool factor.

* Simply updated descriptions in md files.

- not much for me to break here.
- I would suggest you look at any context ones, as those seem to be the most technical.
- Look at any of the ones having similar names (Bar, Bars, BarChart, etc) to make sure i am not missing the nuanaces of primitives vs charts, etc.

* MD fixes

I accidently replaced "name:" with the "desciption" for a few caused description to render in sidebar, this fixes them.

docs/src/content/examples/Area.md, after:

---
description: Visualization where shaded region under a line chart is used to emphasize magnitude and trend of data over a range.
section: cartesian & polar
layers: ['svg', 'canvas']
related: []
---

<script lang="ts">
  import Example from '$lib/components/Example.svelte';
</script>

> See also: [AreaChart](/docs/components/AreaChart) for simplified examples

## Examples

### Basic

<Example name="basic" />

### With Tooltip and Highlight

<Example name="with-tooltip-and-highlight" />

### With Labels

<Example name="with-labels" />

### Explicit axis ticks (min/max)

<Example name="explicit-axis-ticks-min-max" />

### Gradient

<Example name="gradient" />

### Gradient (separate stroke)

<Example name="gradient-separate-stroke" />

### Multiple series

<Example name="multiple-series" />

### Multiple series (using overrides)

<Example name="multiple-series-using-overrides" />

### Multiple series (highlight on hover)

<Example name="multiple-series-highlight-on-hover" />

### Multiple series with labels

<Example name="multiple-series-with-labels" />

### Stack

<Example name="stack" />

### Stack with gradient

<Example name="stack-with-gradient" />

### Clip tween on mount

<Example name="clip-tween-on-mount" />

### Threshold with RectClipPath

<Example name="threshold-with-rectclippath" />

### Threshold with RectClipPath (over/under)

<Example name="threshold-with-rectclippath-over-under" />

### Highlight color based on value using color scale

<Example name="highlight-color-based-on-value-using-color-scale" />

### Highlight color based on value using tooltip slot prop

<Example name="highlight-color-based-on-value-using-tooltip-slot-prop" />

### Threshold with LinearGradient

<Example name="threshold-with-lineargradient" />

### Threshold with LinearGradient (over/under)

<Example name="threshold-with-lineargradient-over-under" />

### Clipped area on Tooltip

<Example name="clipped-area-on-tooltip" />
