docs/src/content/examples/Columns.md, before:

---
name: Bar Chart (Vertical)
description: Bar Chart (Vertical)
section: cartesian & polar
layers: ['svg', 'canvas']
related: ['components/Bars', 'examples/Bars', 'examples/Histogram', 'examples/Sparkbar']
---

<script lang="ts">
  import Example from '$lib/components/Example.svelte';
</script>

> See also: [BarChart](/docs/components/BarChart) for simplified examples

## Examples

### Basic

<Example name="basic" />

### Rounded (top-only)

<Example name="rounded-top-only" />

### Tooltip and Highlight

<Example name="tooltip-and-highlight" />

### Tooltip and Bar Highlight

<Example name="tooltip-and-bar-highlight" />

### Tooltip and Clipped Highlight

<Example name="tooltip-and-clipped-highlight" />

### Calculated value domain (positive)

<Example name="calculated-value-domain-positive" />

### Calculated value domain (negative)

<Example name="calculated-value-domain-negative" />

### Outside Labels (default)

<Example name="outside-labels-default" />

### Inside Labels

<Example name="inside-labels" />

### Limit ticks (count)

<Example name="limit-ticks-count" />

### Limit ticks (second scale)

<Example name="limit-ticks-second-scale" />

### Gradient

<Example name="gradient" />

### Customize individual styles

<Example name="customize-individual-styles" />

### Highlight individual bar

<Example name="highlight-individual-bar" />

### Highlight individual bar (line)

<Example name="highlight-individual-bar-line" />

### Average annotation Rule

<Example name="average-annotation-rule" />

### with grid on top

<Example name="with-grid-on-top" />

### with grid on top (mix-blend)

<Example name="with-grid-on-top-mix-blend" />

### Multiple (overlapping)

<Example name="multiple-overlapping" />

### Multiple (diverging)

<Example name="multiple-diverging" />

### Time scale (with interval)

<Example name="time-scale-with-interval" />

### Time scale with missing data

<Example name="time-scale-with-missing-data" />

### Time scale with inset

<Example name="time-scale-with-inset" />

### Tween on mount

<Example name="tween-on-mount" />

### Tween on mount (rounded edge)

<Example name="tween-on-mount-rounded-edge" />

### Stagger tween on mount

<Example name="stagger-tween-on-mount" />

### Stagger tween on mount (rounded edge)

<Example name="stagger-tween-on-mount-rounded-edge" />

### Grouped

<Example name="grouped" />

### Stacked

<Example name="stacked" />

### Stacked (Percent)

<Example name="stacked-percent" />

### Grouped and Stacked

<Example name="grouped-and-stacked" />

### Grouped, Stacked, or Both (transition)

<Example name="grouped-stacked-or-both-transition" />

### Tooltip and click handlers for individual stack/grouped bar

<Example name="tooltip-and-click-handlers-for-individual-stack-grouped-bar" />

### Click handler

<Example name="click-handler" />

Commit message:

Updated TODO FIXES (#675)
* Updated TODO FIXES

updated from GH issue, and killed issue to keep this in sync here from now one. .

* MotionPath update

- update description in md.
- Cleanup
  - used broken out controls
  - grouped var declarations
- Previous "Repeat indefinitely" and "Rotate object with path" did not show difference when circle vs rect was used.
  - made same duration
  - used same "marker" ? not sure what to call it.
  - changed it to an airplane SVG for cool factor.

* Simply updated descriptions in md files.

- not much for me to break here.
- I would suggest you look at any context ones, as those seem to be the most technical.
- Look at any of the ones having similar names (Bar, Bars, BarChart, etc) to make sure i am not missing the nuanaces of primitives vs charts, etc.

* MD fixes

I accidently replaced "name:" with the "desciption" for a few caused description to render in sidebar, this fixes them.

docs/src/content/examples/Columns.md, after:

---
name: Bar Chart (Vertical)
description: Visualization creating vertical bars to represent and compare discrete data values visually.
section: cartesian & polar
layers: ['svg', 'canvas']
related: ['components/Bars', 'examples/Bars', 'examples/Histogram', 'examples/Sparkbar']
---

<script lang="ts">
  import Example from '$lib/components/Example.svelte';
</script>

> See also: [BarChart](/docs/components/BarChart) for simplified examples

## Examples

### Basic

<Example name="basic" />

### Rounded (top-only)

<Example name="rounded-top-only" />

### Tooltip and Highlight

<Example name="tooltip-and-highlight" />

### Tooltip and Bar Highlight

<Example name="tooltip-and-bar-highlight" />

### Tooltip and Clipped Highlight

<Example name="tooltip-and-clipped-highlight" />

### Calculated value domain (positive)

<Example name="calculated-value-domain-positive" />

### Calculated value domain (negative)

<Example name="calculated-value-domain-negative" />

### Outside Labels (default)

<Example name="outside-labels-default" />

### Inside Labels

<Example name="inside-labels" />

### Limit ticks (count)

<Example name="limit-ticks-count" />

### Limit ticks (second scale)

<Example name="limit-ticks-second-scale" />

### Gradient

<Example name="gradient" />

### Customize individual styles

<Example name="customize-individual-styles" />

### Highlight individual bar

<Example name="highlight-individual-bar" />

### Highlight individual bar (line)

<Example name="highlight-individual-bar-line" />

### Average annotation Rule

<Example name="average-annotation-rule" />

### with grid on top

<Example name="with-grid-on-top" />

### with grid on top (mix-blend)

<Example name="with-grid-on-top-mix-blend" />

### Multiple (overlapping)

<Example name="multiple-overlapping" />

### Multiple (diverging)

<Example name="multiple-diverging" />

### Time scale (with interval)

<Example name="time-scale-with-interval" />

### Time scale with missing data

<Example name="time-scale-with-missing-data" />

### Time scale with inset

<Example name="time-scale-with-inset" />

### Tween on mount

<Example name="tween-on-mount" />

### Tween on mount (rounded edge)

<Example name="tween-on-mount-rounded-edge" />

### Stagger tween on mount

<Example name="stagger-tween-on-mount" />

### Stagger tween on mount (rounded edge)

<Example name="stagger-tween-on-mount-rounded-edge" />

### Grouped

<Example name="grouped" />

### Stacked

<Example name="stacked" />

### Stacked (Percent)

<Example name="stacked-percent" />

### Grouped and Stacked

<Example name="grouped-and-stacked" />

### Grouped, Stacked, or Both (transition)

<Example name="grouped-stacked-or-both-transition" />

### Tooltip and click handlers for individual stack/grouped bar

<Example name="tooltip-and-click-handlers-for-individual-stack-grouped-bar" />

### Click handler

<Example name="click-handler" />
