docs/src/content/components/AreaChart.md, before:

---
description: Streamlined Chart configuration for Area charts
section: charts
layers: [svg, canvas]
related: [components/Chart, components/Area, examples/Area]
---

<script lang="ts">
	import Example from '$lib/components/Example.svelte';
</script>

## Examples

### Basic

<Example name="basic" />

### Default series label

<Example name="default-series-label" />

### Gradient

<Example name="gradient" />

### Threshold Gradient

<Example name="threshold-gradient" />

### Curve

<Example name="curve" />

### Series

<Example name="series" />

### Series (separate data)

<Example name="series-separate-data" />

### Series (point click)

<Example name="series-point-click" />

### Series (individual tooltip with highlight)

<Example name="series-individual-tooltip" />

### Stack series

<Example name="series-stack" />

### Stack series (expand)

<Example name="series-stack-expand" />

### Stack series (diverging)

<Example name="series-stack-diverging" />

### Stack series with gradient

<Example name="series-stack-gradient" />

### Stack series (separate data)

<Example name="series-stack-separate-data" />

### Legend

<Example name="series-stack-legend" />

### Legend (placement)

<Example name="series-stack-legend-placement" />

### Legend (custom labels)

<Example name="series-stack-legend-labels" />

### Threshold

<Example name="threshold" />

### Labels

<Example name="labels" />

### Points

<Example name="points" />

### Radial

<Example name="radial" />

### Funnel

<Example name="funnel" />

### Null gaps

<Example name="null-gaps" />

### Sparkline

<Example name="sparkline" />

### Single axis (x)

<Example name="single-axis-x" />

### Single axis (y)

<Example name="single-axis-y" />

### Tooltip click

<Example name="series-tooltip-click" />

### Markers

<Example name="markers" />

### Custom tooltip

<Example name="custom-tooltip" />

### Locking and clickable tooltip

<Example name="tooltip-locking" />

### Fixed tooltip below chart with hide delay

<Example name="tooltip-fixed-with-hide-delay" />

### Externally access tooltip data

<Example name="tooltip-external" />

### Point annotations

<Example name="point-annotations" />

### Line annotation

<Example name="line-annotation" />

### Range annotation

<Example name="range-annotation" />

### Series point annotations

<Example name="series-point-annotations" />

### Brushing

<Example name="brush" />

### Brush syncing

<Example name="brush-sync" />

### Point scale

<Example name="point-scale" />

### Band scale

<Example name="band-scale" />

### Custom

<Example name="custom" />

Commit message:

Updated TODO FIXES (#675)
* Updated TODO FIXES

updated from GH issue, and killed issue to keep this in sync here from now one. .

* MotionPath update

- update description in md.
- Cleanup
  - used broken out controls
  - grouped var declarations
- Previous "Repeat indefinitely" and "Rotate object with path" did not show difference when circle vs rect was used.
  - made same duration
  - used same "marker" ? not sure what to call it.
  - changed it to an airplane SVG for cool factor.

* Simply updated descriptions in md files.

- not much for me to break here.
- I would suggest you look at any context ones, as those seem to be the most technical.
- Look at any of the ones having similar names (Bar, Bars, BarChart, etc) to make sure i am not missing the nuanaces of primitives vs charts, etc.

* MD fixes

I accidently replaced "name:" with the "desciption" for a few caused description to render in sidebar, this fixes them.

docs/src/content/components/AreaChart.md, after:

---
description: Visualization of quantitative data over a continuous interval, with filled areas beneath a line to emphasize magnitude or cumulative values.
section: charts
layers: [svg, canvas]
related: [components/Chart, components/Area, examples/Area]
---

<script lang="ts">
	import Example from '$lib/components/Example.svelte';
</script>

## Examples

### Basic

<Example name="basic" />

### Default series label

<Example name="default-series-label" />

### Gradient

<Example name="gradient" />

### Threshold Gradient

<Example name="threshold-gradient" />

### Curve

<Example name="curve" />

### Series

<Example name="series" />

### Series (separate data)

<Example name="series-separate-data" />

### Series (point click)

<Example name="series-point-click" />

### Series (individual tooltip with highlight)

<Example name="series-individual-tooltip" />

### Stack series

<Example name="series-stack" />

### Stack series (expand)

<Example name="series-stack-expand" />

### Stack series (diverging)

<Example name="series-stack-diverging" />

### Stack series with gradient

<Example name="series-stack-gradient" />

### Stack series (separate data)

<Example name="series-stack-separate-data" />

### Legend

<Example name="series-stack-legend" />

### Legend (placement)

<Example name="series-stack-legend-placement" />

### Legend (custom labels)

<Example name="series-stack-legend-labels" />

### Threshold

<Example name="threshold" />

### Labels

<Example name="labels" />

### Points

<Example name="points" />

### Radial

<Example name="radial" />

### Funnel

<Example name="funnel" />

### Null gaps

<Example name="null-gaps" />

### Sparkline

<Example name="sparkline" />

### Single axis (x)

<Example name="single-axis-x" />

### Single axis (y)

<Example name="single-axis-y" />

### Tooltip click

<Example name="series-tooltip-click" />

### Markers

<Example name="markers" />

### Custom tooltip

<Example name="custom-tooltip" />

### Locking and clickable tooltip

<Example name="tooltip-locking" />

### Fixed tooltip below chart with hide delay

<Example name="tooltip-fixed-with-hide-delay" />

### Externally access tooltip data

<Example name="tooltip-external" />

### Point annotations

<Example name="point-annotations" />

### Line annotation

<Example name="line-annotation" />

### Range annotation

<Example name="range-annotation" />

### Series point annotations

<Example name="series-point-annotations" />

### Brushing

<Example name="brush" />

### Brush syncing

<Example name="brush-sync" />

### Point scale

<Example name="point-scale" />

### Band scale

<Example name="band-scale" />

### Custom

<Example name="custom" />
