docs/src/content/components/BrushContext.md, before:

---
description: BrushContext
section: interactions
layers: ['svg', 'canvas']
related: []
---

<script lang="ts">
  import Example from '$lib/components/Example.svelte';
</script>

## Examples

### Basic

<Example name="basic" />

### Simple styling

<Example name="simple-styling" />

### Striped background

<Example name="striped-background" />

### Handle arrows

<Example name="handle-arrows" />

### Handle labels

<Example name="handle-labels" />

### Constant labels

<Example name="constant-labels" />

### Integrated brush (x-axis)

<Example name="integrated-brush-(x-axis)" />

### Integrated brush (y-axis)

<Example name="integrated-brush-(y-axis)" />

### Integrated brush (both axis / area)

<Example name="integrated-brush-(both-axis-area)" />

### Separate chart (clip data)

<Example name="separate-chart-(clip-data)" />

### Separate chart (clip data: y-axis)

<Example name="separate-chart-(clip-data-y-axis)" />

### Separate chart (filter data)

<Example name="separate-chart-(filter-data)" />

### Sync brushes with `bind:xDomain`

<Example name="sync-brushes-with-bind-xdomain" />

### Tooltip interop

<Example name="tooltip-interop" />

### Selection

<Example name="selection" />

### Minimap

<Example name="minimap" />

Commit message:

Updated TODO FIXES (#675)
* Updated TODO FIXES

updated from GH issue, and killed issue to keep this in sync here from now one. .

* MotionPath update

- update description in md.
- Cleanup
  - used broken out controls
  - grouped var declarations
- Previous "Repeat indefinitely" and "Rotate object with path" did not show difference when circle vs rect was used.
  - made same duration
  - used same "marker" ? not sure what to call it.
  - changed it to an airplane SVG for cool factor.

* Simply updated descriptions in md files.

- not much for me to break here.
- I would suggest you look at any context ones, as those seem to be the most technical.
- Look at any of the ones having similar names (Bar, Bars, BarChart, etc) to make sure i am not missing the nuanaces of primitives vs charts, etc.

* MD fixes

I accidently replaced "name:" with the "desciption" for a few caused description to render in sidebar, this fixes them.

docs/src/content/components/BrushContext.md, after:

---
description: Interaction component providing an interactive brush context allowing selection, adjustment, and resetting of x/y domains with draggable handles and event callbacks.
section: interactions
layers: ['svg', 'canvas']
related: []
---

<script lang="ts">
  import Example from '$lib/components/Example.svelte';
</script>

## Examples

### Basic

<Example name="basic" />

### Simple styling

<Example name="simple-styling" />

### Striped background

<Example name="striped-background" />

### Handle arrows

<Example name="handle-arrows" />

### Handle labels

<Example name="handle-labels" />

### Constant labels

<Example name="constant-labels" />

### Integrated brush (x-axis)

<Example name="integrated-brush-(x-axis)" />

### Integrated brush (y-axis)

<Example name="integrated-brush-(y-axis)" />

### Integrated brush (both axis / area)

<Example name="integrated-brush-(both-axis-area)" />

### Separate chart (clip data)

<Example name="separate-chart-(clip-data)" />

### Separate chart (clip data: y-axis)

<Example name="separate-chart-(clip-data-y-axis)" />

### Separate chart (filter data)

<Example name="separate-chart-(filter-data)" />

### Sync brushes with `bind:xDomain`

<Example name="sync-brushes-with-bind-xdomain" />

### Tooltip interop

<Example name="tooltip-interop" />

### Selection

<Example name="selection" />

### Minimap

<Example name="minimap" />
