docs/src/content/components/Grid.md, before:

---
description: Draw x and/or y axis lines respecting scales
section: common
layers: [svg, canvas, html]
related: [components/Axis, components/Rule]
---

<script lang="ts">
	import Example from '$lib/components/Example.svelte';
</script>

## Examples

### Basic

<Example name="basic" />

### Padding

Respects padding

<Example name="padding" />

### Single axis (x)

<Example name="x-only" />

### Single axis (y)

<Example name="y-only" />

### Dashed lines

<Example name="dashed-lines" />

### Band scale (align center / default)

<Example name="band-scale-default" />

### Band scale (align between)

<Example name="band-scale-between" />

### Radial

<Example name="radial" />

### Radial (linear)

<Example name="radial-linear" />

### Integer-only ticks

<Example name="integer-only" />

### Explicit ticks

<Example name="explicit-ticks" />

### Inject tick value

<Example name="inject-tick-value" />

### Tick count

<Example name="tick-count" />

### Remove default tick count

<Example name="tick-count-null" />

Commit message:

Updated TODO FIXES (#675)
* Updated TODO FIXES

updated from GH issue, and killed issue to keep this in sync here from now one. .

* MotionPath update

- update description in md.
- Cleanup
  - used broken out controls
  - grouped var declarations
- Previous "Repeat indefinitely" and "Rotate object with path" did not show difference when circle vs rect was used.
  - made same duration
  - used same "marker" ? not sure what to call it.
  - changed it to an airplane SVG for cool factor.

* Simply updated descriptions in md files.

- not much for me to break here.
- I would suggest you look at any context ones, as those seem to be the most technical.
- Look at any of the ones having similar names (Bar, Bars, BarChart, etc) to make sure i am not missing the nuanaces of primitives vs charts, etc.

* MD fixes

I accidently replaced "name:" with the "desciption" for a few caused description to render in sidebar, this fixes them.

docs/src/content/components/Grid.md, after:

---
description: Commonly used component which draws horizontal and vertical lines respecting scales across a chart to enhance readability and help align data points with axis values.
section: common
layers: [svg, canvas, html]
related: [components/Axis, components/Rule]
---

<script lang="ts">
	import Example from '$lib/components/Example.svelte';
</script>

## Examples

### Basic

<Example name="basic" />

### Padding

Respects padding

<Example name="padding" />

### Single axis (x)

<Example name="x-only" />

### Single axis (y)

<Example name="y-only" />

### Dashed lines

<Example name="dashed-lines" />

### Band scale (align center / default)

<Example name="band-scale-default" />

### Band scale (align between)

<Example name="band-scale-between" />

### Radial

<Example name="radial" />

### Radial (linear)

<Example name="radial-linear" />

### Integer-only ticks

<Example name="integer-only" />

### Explicit ticks

<Example name="explicit-ticks" />

### Inject tick value

<Example name="inject-tick-value" />

### Tick count

<Example name="tick-count" />

### Remove default tick count

<Example name="tick-count-null" />
