docs/src/content/components/Legend.md, before:

---
# description:
section: common
layers: [html]
related: []
---

<script lang="ts">
	import Example from '$lib/components/Example.svelte';
</script>

## Examples

### scaleSequential

<Example name="sequential" />

### scaleSequentialSqrt

<Example name="sequential-sqrt" />

### scaleDiverging

<Example name="diverging" />

### scaleDivergingSqrt

<Example name="diverging-sqrt" />

### scaleSequentialLog

<Example name="sequential-log" />

### scaleSequentialQuantile

<Example name="sequential-quantile" />

### scaleSqrt

<Example name="sqrt" />

### scaleQuantize

<Example name="quantize" />

### scaleQuantile

<Example name="quantile" />

### scaleThreshold

<Example name="threshold" />

### scaleOrdinal

<Example name="ordinal" />

### Chart integration

<Example name="chart-integration" />

### Chart placement

<Example name="chart-placement" />

### Square swatch

<Example name="square-swatch" />

### Vertical orientation

<Example name="vertical-orientation" />

### Styling

<Example name="styling" />

### Responsive swatches

<Example name="responsive-swatches" />

### Click handler

<Example name="click-handler" />

### Children override

<Example name="children-override" />

Commit message:

Updated TODO FIXES (#675)
* Updated TODO FIXES

updated from GH issue, and killed issue to keep this in sync here from now one. .

* MotionPath update

- update description in md.
- Cleanup
  - used broken out controls
  - grouped var declarations
- Previous "Repeat indefinitely" and "Rotate object with path" did not show difference when circle vs rect was used.
  - made same duration
  - used same "marker" ? not sure what to call it.
  - changed it to an airplane SVG for cool factor.

* Simply updated descriptions in md files.

- not much for me to break here.
- I would suggest you look at any context ones, as those seem to be the most technical.
- Look at any of the ones having similar names (Bar, Bars, BarChart, etc) to make sure i am not missing the nuanaces of primitives vs charts, etc.

* MD fixes

I accidently replaced "name:" with the "desciption" for a few caused description to render in sidebar, this fixes them.

docs/src/content/components/Legend.md, after:

---
description: Commonly used component which explains the symbols, colors, or patterns used in a chart, helping interpret the represented data categories. Filtering and toggling visibility of data series can be enabled for interactivity.
section: common
layers: [html]
related: []
---

<script lang="ts">
	import Example from '$lib/components/Example.svelte';
</script>

## Examples

### scaleSequential

<Example name="sequential" />

### scaleSequentialSqrt

<Example name="sequential-sqrt" />

### scaleDiverging

<Example name="diverging" />

### scaleDivergingSqrt

<Example name="diverging-sqrt" />

### scaleSequentialLog

<Example name="sequential-log" />

### scaleSequentialQuantile

<Example name="sequential-quantile" />

### scaleSqrt

<Example name="sqrt" />

### scaleQuantize

<Example name="quantize" />

### scaleQuantile

<Example name="quantile" />

### scaleThreshold

<Example name="threshold" />

### scaleOrdinal

<Example name="ordinal" />

### Chart integration

<Example name="chart-integration" />

### Chart placement

<Example name="chart-placement" />

### Square swatch

<Example name="square-swatch" />

### Vertical orientation

<Example name="vertical-orientation" />

### Styling

<Example name="styling" />

### Responsive swatches

<Example name="responsive-swatches" />

### Click handler

<Example name="click-handler" />

### Children override

<Example name="children-override" />
