docs/src/content/components/LineChart.md, before:

---
description: Streamlined Chart configuration for Line charts
section: charts
layers: [svg, canvas]
related: [components/Chart, components/Spline, examples/Line]
---

<script lang="ts">
	import Example from '$lib/components/Example.svelte';
</script>

## Examples

### Basic

<Example name="basic" />

### Default series label

<Example name="default-series-label" />

### Override color

<Example name="override-color" />

### Curve

<Example name="curve" />

### Vertical

<Example name="vertical" />

### Series

<Example name="series" />

### Series (with nulls)

<Example name="series-with-nulls" />

### Series (separate data)

<Example name="series-separate-data" />

### Series (separate data with different length)

<Example name="series-separate-data-diff-length" />

### Series (vertical)

<Example name="series-vertical" />

### Series (individual tooltip with highlight)

<Example name="series-individual-tooltip" />

### Series (point click)

<Example name="series-point-click" />

### Series (custom highlight point)

<Example name="series-custom-highlight-point" />

### Series (labels on point hover)

<Example name="series-labels-hover" />

### Labels

<Example name="labels" />

### Points

<Example name="points" />

### Labels with points

<Example name="labels-with-points" />

### Points within labels

<Example name="labels-within-points" />

### Radar (linear grid)

<Example name="radar" />

### Radar (rounded grid)

<Example name="radar-rounded" />

### Radar with series data

<Example name="radar-series" />

### Gradient encoding

<Example name="gradient-encoding" />

### Gradient threshold

<Example name="gradient-threshold" />

### Large series

<Example name="large-series" />

### Large radial series

<Example name="large-radial-series" />

### Dynamic data (move over chart)

<Example name="dynamic-data" />

### Null gaps

<Example name="null-gaps" />

### Null with dashed lines

<Example name="null-dashed-gaps" />

### Sparkline

<Example name="sparkline" />

### Single axis (x)

<Example name="single-axis-x" />

### Single axis (y)

<Example name="single-axis-y" />

### Axis labels inside

<Example name="axis-labels-inside" />

### Legend

<Example name="legend" />

### Tooltip click

<Example name="tooltip-click" />

### Custom tooltip

<Example name="custom-tooltip" />

### Point annotations

<Example name="point-annotations" />

> See also: [AnnotationPoint](/components/AnnotationPoint) for more examples

### Line annotation

<Example name="line-annotation" />

> See also: [AnnotationLine](/components/AnnotationLine) for more examples

### Range annotation

<Example name="range-annotation" />

> See also: [AnnotationRange](/components/AnnotationRange) for more examples

### Series point annotations

<Example name="series-point-annotations" />

### Brushing

<Example name="brush" />

### Brush with series point events

<Example name="series-brush" />

### Draw

<Example name="draw" />

### Custom

<Example name="custom" />

Commit message:

Simply updated descriptions in md files.
- not much for me to break here.
- I would suggest you look at any context ones, as those seem to be the most technical.
- Look at any of the ones having similar names (Bar, Bars, BarChart, etc) to make sure i am not missing the nuanaces of primitives vs charts, etc.

docs/src/content/components/LineChart.md, after:

---
description: Streamlined visualization of data points connected by lines to visualize trends or changes over time.
section: charts
layers: [svg, canvas]
related: [components/Chart, components/Spline, examples/Line]
---

<script lang="ts">
	import Example from '$lib/components/Example.svelte';
</script>

## Examples

### Basic

<Example name="basic" />

### Default series label

<Example name="default-series-label" />

### Override color

<Example name="override-color" />

### Curve

<Example name="curve" />

### Vertical

<Example name="vertical" />

### Series

<Example name="series" />

### Series (with nulls)

<Example name="series-with-nulls" />

### Series (separate data)

<Example name="series-separate-data" />

### Series (separate data with different length)

<Example name="series-separate-data-diff-length" />

### Series (vertical)

<Example name="series-vertical" />

### Series (individual tooltip with highlight)

<Example name="series-individual-tooltip" />

### Series (point click)

<Example name="series-point-click" />

### Series (custom highlight point)

<Example name="series-custom-highlight-point" />

### Series (labels on point hover)

<Example name="series-labels-hover" />

### Labels

<Example name="labels" />

### Points

<Example name="points" />

### Labels with points

<Example name="labels-with-points" />

### Points within labels

<Example name="labels-within-points" />

### Radar (linear grid)

<Example name="radar" />

### Radar (rounded grid)

<Example name="radar-rounded" />

### Radar with series data

<Example name="radar-series" />

### Gradient encoding

<Example name="gradient-encoding" />

### Gradient threshold

<Example name="gradient-threshold" />

### Large series

<Example name="large-series" />

### Large radial series

<Example name="large-radial-series" />

### Dynamic data (move over chart)

<Example name="dynamic-data" />

### Null gaps

<Example name="null-gaps" />

### Null with dashed lines

<Example name="null-dashed-gaps" />

### Sparkline

<Example name="sparkline" />

### Single axis (x)

<Example name="single-axis-x" />

### Single axis (y)

<Example name="single-axis-y" />

### Axis labels inside

<Example name="axis-labels-inside" />

### Legend

<Example name="legend" />

### Tooltip click

<Example name="tooltip-click" />

### Custom tooltip

<Example name="custom-tooltip" />

### Point annotations

<Example name="point-annotations" />

> See also: [AnnotationPoint](/components/AnnotationPoint) for more examples

### Line annotation

<Example name="line-annotation" />

> See also: [AnnotationLine](/components/AnnotationLine) for more examples

### Range annotation

<Example name="range-annotation" />

> See also: [AnnotationRange](/components/AnnotationRange) for more examples

### Series point annotations

<Example name="series-point-annotations" />

### Brushing

<Example name="brush" />

### Brush with series point events

<Example name="series-brush" />

### Draw

<Example name="draw" />

### Custom

<Example name="custom" />
