docs/src/content/components/PieChart.md, before:

---
description: Streamlined Chart configuration for Pie charts
section: charts
layers: [svg, canvas]
related: [components/Chart, components/Pie, examples/Arc]
---

<script lang="ts">
	import Example from '$lib/components/Example.svelte';
</script>

## Examples

### Basic

<Example name="basic" />

### onTooltipClick

<Example name="tooltip-click" />

### Radius (offset)

> If a `*radius` property is negative (ex. `-20`), the value will be applied as an offset from the charts `width` / `height`.

<Example name="radius-offset" />

### Radius (percent)

> If a `*radius` property is `>0` and `<1` (ex: `0.8`), the value will be applied as an offset from the charts `width` / `height`.

<Example name="radius-percent" />

### Radius (fixed)

> If a `*radius` property is `>=1` (ex: `80`), the value will be applied as a discrete value.

<Example name="radius-fixed" />

### Donut (innerRadius)

<Example name="donut" />

### Donut with inner text

<Example name="donut-with-text" />

### Arc (range)

<Example name="arc" />

### Segments

<Example name="segments" />

### Series

<Example name="series" />

### Series (props)

<Example name="series-props" />

### Series (arc click)

<Example name="series-click" />

### Arc props

<Example name="arc-props" />

### Legend

<Example name="legend" />

### Legend (placement)

<Example name="legend-placement" />

### Legend (with padding)

<Example name="legend-with-padding" />

### Legend (responsive)

<Example name="legend-responsive" />

### Legend (custom label)

<Example name="legend-custom-label" />

### Placement (left)

<Example name="placement-left" />

### Placement (right)

<Example name="placement-right" />

### Placement (custom)

<Example name="placement-custom" />

### Colors (CSS variables)

<Example name="colors-variables" />

### Colors (scheme)

<Example name="colors-scheme" />

### Colors (interpolator)

<Example name="colors-interpolator" />

### Colors (data prop)

<Example name="colors-data-prop" />

### Offset slice

<Example name="offset-slice" />

### Motion (tween)

<Example name="motion-tween" />

### Motion (spring)

<Example name="motion-spring" />

Commit message:

Simply updated descriptions in md files.
- not much for me to break here.
- I would suggest you look at any context ones, as those seem to be the most technical.
- Look at any of the ones having similar names (Bar, Bars, BarChart, etc) to make sure i am not missing the nuanaces of primitives vs charts, etc.

docs/src/content/components/PieChart.md, after:

---
description: Streamlined visualization of data as proportional slices of a circle to represent parts of a whole.
section: charts
layers: [svg, canvas]
related: [components/Chart, components/Pie, examples/Arc]
---

<script lang="ts">
	import Example from '$lib/components/Example.svelte';
</script>

## Examples

### Basic

<Example name="basic" />

### onTooltipClick

<Example name="tooltip-click" />

### Radius (offset)

> If a `*radius` property is negative (ex. `-20`), the value will be applied as an offset from the charts `width` / `height`.

<Example name="radius-offset" />

### Radius (percent)

> If a `*radius` property is `>0` and `<1` (ex: `0.8`), the value will be applied as an offset from the charts `width` / `height`.

<Example name="radius-percent" />

### Radius (fixed)

> If a `*radius` property is `>=1` (ex: `80`), the value will be applied as a discrete value.

<Example name="radius-fixed" />

### Donut (innerRadius)

<Example name="donut" />

### Donut with inner text

<Example name="donut-with-text" />

### Arc (range)

<Example name="arc" />

### Segments

<Example name="segments" />

### Series

<Example name="series" />

### Series (props)

<Example name="series-props" />

### Series (arc click)

<Example name="series-click" />

### Arc props

<Example name="arc-props" />

### Legend

<Example name="legend" />

### Legend (placement)

<Example name="legend-placement" />

### Legend (with padding)

<Example name="legend-with-padding" />

### Legend (responsive)

<Example name="legend-responsive" />

### Legend (custom label)

<Example name="legend-custom-label" />

### Placement (left)

<Example name="placement-left" />

### Placement (right)

<Example name="placement-right" />

### Placement (custom)

<Example name="placement-custom" />

### Colors (CSS variables)

<Example name="colors-variables" />

### Colors (scheme)

<Example name="colors-scheme" />

### Colors (interpolator)

<Example name="colors-interpolator" />

### Colors (data prop)

<Example name="colors-data-prop" />

### Offset slice

<Example name="offset-slice" />

### Motion (tween)

<Example name="motion-tween" />

### Motion (spring)

<Example name="motion-spring" />
