docs/src/content/components/ScatterChart.md, before:

---
description: Streamlined Chart configuration for Scatter charts
section: charts
layers: [svg, canvas, html]
related: [components/Chart, components/Points, examples/Scatter]
---

<script lang="ts">
	import Example from '$lib/components/Example.svelte';
</script>

## Examples

### Basic

<Example name="basic" />

### Domain nice

<Example name="domain-nice" />

### Domain padding

<Example name="domain-padding" />

### Domain 0 (zero) baseline

<Example name="domain-baseline" />

### Radius scale

<Example name="radius-scale" />

### Labels

<Example name="labels" />

### Series

<Example name="series" />

### Series (with radius)

<Example name="series-with-radius" />

### Series (legend)

<Example name="series-legend" />

### Series (tween)

<Example name="series-tween" />

### Series (custom labels)

<Example name="series-custom-labels" />

### Single axis (x)

<Example name="single-axis-x" />

### Single axis (y)

<Example name="single-axis-y" />

### Single dimension

<Example name="single-dimension" />

### Date series (with color scale)

<Example name="date-series-color-scale" />

### Tooltip click

<Example name="tooltip-click" />

### Point annotations

<Example name="point-annotations" />

> See also: [AnnotationPoint](/components/AnnotationPoint) for more examples

### Line annotation

<Example name="line-annotation" />

> See also: [AnnotationLine](/components/AnnotationLine) for more examples

### Range annotation (vertical)

<Example name="range-annotation-vertical" />

> See also: [AnnotationRange](/components/AnnotationRange) for more examples

### Range annotation (horizontal)

<Example name="range-annotation-horizontal" />

> See also: [AnnotationRange](/components/AnnotationRange) for more examples

### Range annotation (both)

<Example name="range-annotation-both" />

> See also: [AnnotationRange](/components/AnnotationRange) for more examples

### Brush

<Example name="brush" />

### Custom

<Example name="custom" />

Commit message:

Updated TODO FIXES (#675)
* Updated TODO FIXES

updated from GH issue, and killed issue to keep this in sync here from now one. .

* MotionPath update

- update description in md.
- Cleanup
  - used broken out controls
  - grouped var declarations
- Previous "Repeat indefinitely" and "Rotate object with path" did not show difference when circle vs rect was used.
  - made same duration
  - used same "marker" ? not sure what to call it.
  - changed it to an airplane SVG for cool factor.

* Simply updated descriptions in md files.

- not much for me to break here.
- I would suggest you look at any context ones, as those seem to be the most technical.
- Look at any of the ones having similar names (Bar, Bars, BarChart, etc) to make sure i am not missing the nuanaces of primitives vs charts, etc.

* MD fixes

I accidently replaced "name:" with the "desciption" for a few caused description to render in sidebar, this fixes them.

docs/src/content/components/ScatterChart.md, after:

---
description: Streamlined visualization of data with individual data points on two axes to reveal relationships, patterns, or correlations between variables.
section: charts
layers: [svg, canvas, html]
related: [components/Chart, components/Points, examples/Scatter]
---

<script lang="ts">
	import Example from '$lib/components/Example.svelte';
</script>

## Examples

### Basic

<Example name="basic" />

### Domain nice

<Example name="domain-nice" />

### Domain padding

<Example name="domain-padding" />

### Domain 0 (zero) baseline

<Example name="domain-baseline" />

### Radius scale

<Example name="radius-scale" />

### Labels

<Example name="labels" />

### Series

<Example name="series" />

### Series (with radius)

<Example name="series-with-radius" />

### Series (legend)

<Example name="series-legend" />

### Series (tween)

<Example name="series-tween" />

### Series (custom labels)

<Example name="series-custom-labels" />

### Single axis (x)

<Example name="single-axis-x" />

### Single axis (y)

<Example name="single-axis-y" />

### Single dimension

<Example name="single-dimension" />

### Date series (with color scale)

<Example name="date-series-color-scale" />

### Tooltip click

<Example name="tooltip-click" />

### Point annotations

<Example name="point-annotations" />

> See also: [AnnotationPoint](/components/AnnotationPoint) for more examples

### Line annotation

<Example name="line-annotation" />

> See also: [AnnotationLine](/components/AnnotationLine) for more examples

### Range annotation (vertical)

<Example name="range-annotation-vertical" />

> See also: [AnnotationRange](/components/AnnotationRange) for more examples

### Range annotation (horizontal)

<Example name="range-annotation-horizontal" />

> See also: [AnnotationRange](/components/AnnotationRange) for more examples

### Range annotation (both)

<Example name="range-annotation-both" />

> See also: [AnnotationRange](/components/AnnotationRange) for more examples

### Brush

<Example name="brush" />

### Custom

<Example name="custom" />
